The second deadline is, my dad was like, bro, you promised me an app, my dad gave me 25k, and he's like, bro, I have 25k right now in front of me, he's like, but I can't give you 25k, you told me the app is going to be ready like a month ago. And so, it's gotta be some kind of deadline, that's one kind of artificial deadline, but still not really artificial. And the second one, bro, we need time to fucking test something, you know, like if I'm saying that August 24th we are going out, you know, like that's it, August 24th, we are like, hey guys, this is our app, join our thing, it's already on the App Store, still, maybe not even, but whatever. Yeah, of course. That's the thing, maybe not, but because it's still on App Store, we think, no, no, oh, why am I saying no, most important, I forgot the most important thing. We don't, we are not developing, sorry Robert, we are all this time on a Flutter app, we are not developing Flutter app anymore. Every minute spent on Flutter app is basically a waste of time. Because it has to do for the next two weeks. Yeah, regardless, we need to maintain so it looks good, somewhat, but what I'm trying to say, we are not uploading to Apple iOS, why? Because first of all, investors really care about the speed of updates and what have you changed, so if your app is not changing on App Store, then it's bullshit. What Python is going to do, Python is going to completely focus on so that the web app works perfectly, that's one thing, and two, it's going to help you with the migration. The more Python helps you, the better it is. So, what I'm saying is this, it's going to still be tested, which is completely fine, but still, we are out there, we are also doing this process, this one month, we are going full on with the designer, and so the more feedback we have on maybe this button here, so yeah, this is pretty tough, this two weeks, I was going to do it one week, but it's completely impossible, now we are focusing on this two weeks, and there is a ton of shit we need to do. First of all, I will start with a fun one, Robert Posters, our app is not functional, if it's just GIFs, it's not functional. So, we need to, in two weeks, have 50 posters. So, that's one. Two. One, let's quickly, let's do actually the bullshit ones, for a Python, no, Python, whatever, man, it's Python, I'll deal with Python, we just need to fix all these weird bugs, you know, whatever, make it somewhat functional, make the web app functional, and then, oh, and then implement some effects, which is going to be easy for Python, it's not really a Python thing, I have five bullshit effects. You can use some libraries. Yeah, for Python, there is nothing to do, it's just overly, you know, whatever, so, well, even without effects, but I really want effects, but still, whatever, that's not important. Obviously, the elephant in the room is fucking Twilio. Without SMS functionality, what are we doing? So, most importantly, why? Why? Because, bro, like, yeah, because we need, we, 99% users are going to be, like, you know, they're going to get an invite, and they're like, oh, I want to download this, click on the website, and like, oh, join the waitlist. Like, it's a very nice thing, like, you know, like, oh, shit, somebody invited me to this, and then you're like, clicking on the landing page, you know, somewhat normal looking, like, join the waitlist, you know. So, what I'm saying is, yeah, obviously, website. For website, bro, I mean, for website, I'm doing this by Monday, sharp, hard sharp, I'm finally applying to this Twilio thing, which I just haven't, because of, because I went on the website, and then I realized, oh, well, we need a good website, and I started redesigning, and I was like, no, bro, for Twilio, we don't need a good website. So, yeah, we wanted to kill two birds with one stone, but no. First, I'm creating, yeah, I'm creating a bullshit website, applying to Twilio by Sunday night, by tomorrow night, that's it, Twilio, in this meantime, approves within the week, we test the functionality on the back end, yeah, we make sure all the messages are right, correct, boom, Fison implements the announcements, yes, and that's it. And in two weeks, our app is ready. Yes, that's it, let me check again. Oh, one quick thing, poster search, which we'll do right now, but I didn't want to do that. Small other thing, which might take some time, it's not just creating posters, it's posters with tags.
we have to implement the search function because the only way I see right now is that posters and GIFs go together I think that's kind of how we like because for many reasons first of all especially if we're gonna do videos in the future they're all the same thing you're not gonna like call posters and like Snoop Dogg smoking is no more different than our video of like smoke coming you know so basically it's one search so we need quickly just to figure out how to create a search functionality with tags what exactly looks so much better yeah I know exactly so yeah yeah and I have to start ASAP to find a designer like a real designer because man we have some money we can fucking get a fucking good design I mean any design because before was always the idea we have no choice I mean because before the idea was well we'll find the team somebody will start helping us but now this path only depends on the design if we have dope designs don't landing page that's it I'm ready to go to investors you know like MVP no MVP it kind of doesn't matter you know like oh I'll fucking nail the pitch and that's it so oh the landing page there is actually like some places where the preview yeah no it's such a square face weeks they're all bullshit they're not versatile no just check it out yeah but that's the easy stuff no I'm like get a normal guy I'm maybe even WordPress broke like if somebody's like no I'm like yeah I'm good WordPress is the standard like weeks and weeks those are too limiting you know if you actually want like a no no you but you can coach it up there yeah but not still no like I don't know I went on the whole like it's 80% 80 90% of the websites open any any landing pages you see it's done on WordPress like any like any like any big WordPress is like you just press some words it's like yeah so yeah I mean we'll see it doesn't does doesn't matter at all whatever kind of whatever the way we need to find a good guys cool guys who can build and then they'll they'll offer a design and then build it yeah so let me just quickly we have kind of thought about designs and I don't know if someone because we already have terraces yeah like so basically we need to of course like think about some perfect stuff but I'm just thinking what will be the biggest contribution of this like because like in terms of like logic and how apps should work I don't know like if we're gonna get better than terrorists or some like guy like who's super creative and also smart like terrorists in a way he was yeah like he helped us through I don't know I like are we looking for this energy just like only focusing on posters I don't know this is this create no also the tool but like I don't know man yeah I don't know it's pretty just this plus I drew this class this is I do this the transparency the color this is all I did this is not you know these big buttons I this is just copied from snapchat I don't know if this is a good idea but but this is crazy because yeah I don't know like how much thought we can put in you know like this team I mean obviously I don't know like we are sitting I don't think we can like this then we have to rely on some crazy designer yeah yeah yeah at least we have this and then those I mean if we have a for example now we're thinking ah David I forgot to tell you to fix the back end before we meet so I hope I lose our next just because this chat for example man I mean I'll tell you right now the way this comes up again now talking in my hands like this speech comes out like zip it comes up as a pig I mean no right now we're not changing it but oh
but for the future I mean at least the designer like right now that's not the plan when you click on it this this page comes up like this and this comes up separately why am I saying that is because here right now this comment section appears very very ugly on our by the way bro you can connect further to one Sigma there is one other platform I forget what it's called but you basically import your project in there and you can make what animations for the figure yeah well that's exactly my plan that's what I'm saying comes out like this that's what I'm trying to say we need to show all those things on the figment like we are nowhere near that we have a crazy designer over the next one month designs us like okay like he sees the app he uses yeah yeah so he uses the app and he's like you know the designers like oh okay like chat clearly right clearly comes up right now it gets this and together with the comment section they come up not exactly actually but how it should be like this switches the comment section and this comes up this part like you could check this one exchanges to them then from here chat comes up or something else maybe you know so what I'm trying to say yeah bro we are it's not looking too good right now whatever we want is only as developed so we have father that's it this is done I'm gonna start design for now this is for father and oh yeah okay I think that's it the plan let me just go over everything again and Asana bro looks like we're on Asana because there is this one thing which is like everybody's talking about on slack like hey Robert I forgot to speak hey Robert please send me the TPS reports and it's just like I text you that and I create a task in slack to connect to fucking Asana you know like I just wanted to find it so basically I'm saying if you're gonna search for someone prototype or prototype I think if you add also I think that already means that they're more qualified yeah yeah right now there's Sigma I think they just dropped anything you know the prototype I get it I get it basically when you like search you should also say like those designers I agree I would be good I know I like any one guy he came to our school and he like he was clearly good but he knew also prototype yeah I think if you're like a booty designer you wouldn't know yeah well there is many ways to prove your boots is never a prototype because like anybody who's like on a high like a pipe yeah like I'll eat you know so all right let me just go over this two weeks again like one one by one test all right with fucking with Faison flutter MVP we're simplifying the test implement then we'll come fix upload errors yep I'll do it functional web app we talked about it fix bugs announcements make sure announcements work and and directing weights because right now I still think it's a pretty cool feature the click yes I mean we have that working so like the multiple directing lights at the top corner so like just make sure that all works okay if that's hopefully we can implement effects I will create just a few effects right now so I'll find something and we need to set up the API I want the fucking we need to fucking do it I have no idea what's like our app is like
OK, here you can create events, and then there's GIFs. I guess we can, no, it sucks. Because, uh, Well, I'm just wondering, like, do posters have to be AI generated, or we can just find them? Yeah, I was on Pinterest, found a bunch of weird things. And, uh, my only problem is, like, it's a waste of time. If we're going to spend time right now finding, because we need at least 20 to make it somewhat viable, you know? And finding, I was trying to do that, I was like, fuck it, I'm doing it, you know? I sat down, you know, boom, Pinterest, I have, I already had, like, a bunch of ideas. And I was like, OK, let's use, re-change this a little bit. And then I'm like, OK, and it's like, not that, like, you know, they're not cool posters eventually, you know? So it's just like, OK, I'm, like, spending two days or something to create a few posters. Like, uh, might as well just, like, create a bullshit AI, at least get our AI going. Because regardless, we're going to need, maybe we're not, maybe we don't need, I don't know. Let's actually, let's make sure we're all on the same page. I'm saying we do need 500 posters here. That's for our next, before our launch, big launch, you know, when we invest, like, on to investors. I'm saying we need 500 posters, like, what else are you, yeah, I mean, what, how else are we doing? If you need, we're not, the stock images, we looked at stock images, they're just insanely bad, like those basketball, there's a basketball court. There's 500 posters, we don't need AI, right? Maybe. How, how about AI? Designers. Oh, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. No, regardless, we need designers. But we need to come up with ideas. Bro, Partyful has a bunch of graphic designers team, bro. And they're barely creating, you know, it's like, one guy comes up with an idea, you know? No, bro, we need to fucking just outdo them on those posters. You know? Yeah, I was thinking, like, yeah, give them ideas, but why would AI give ideas if we can just give them some random shit that we found on the internet, and we're like, this looks good, but we don't really like it because of this, and we want to change it. I don't know. Yeah, but. Here, I'll show you everything I found on the internet. Well, I mean, I don't know how designers, like, designing. Well, I think it's tough, bro. Yeah, it's tough to design shit, bro. No, no, I'm totally agree. I just don't know if it's easy to do AI. Well, with AI, you can, well, we just tested, remember, in two seconds, when I wrote on the Python code? The shit came up something, like, that's already an idea for it. So, you know, like, we can, if we can streamline a good way to come up with ideas, there you go. Like, why would we give ideas by looking at different things? We're not doing live AI, it's just live AI. Maybe we need two, one which comes up with ideas, and one which implements it. And then implement it, no, but yeah, sure, but, I mean, graphic designers are graphic designers, I don't know. If you have, like, thousands of posters, give it to a bunch of people in Armenia, you know, or fucking anywhere, you know, and they'll keep working on it cheap, I don't know. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Why not? Pakistan. Yeah. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, No, some stuff in America, bro, those guys, Latino guys, will figure it out. Yeah, because they're, you know, like, who's the biggest fan of you? I'm partying, you know, like, OK, like, Big T is here, you know. Yeah, yeah, so, OK, so why am I saying that? It's like, again, I'll repeat, I mean, we have already repeated it 10 times. It's like, that's our plan. I don't know how we're going without it, you know. We have to figure out, like, OK, how are we doing videos, how it's going to look like. A lot of room for development, and the sooner, like, why would we waste time right now faking something? Especially no one's judging us, like, right now, you know, like, if we have something going, like, I would rather have 100 bullshit posters than 10 good posters. Because 10 good posters, what, like, our app is not exactly the search, and it's like, what, 10 posters and then GIFs? At least, like, you know, we have 100 bullshit posters, and, like, OK, people will pick GIFs, but at least they have, it's like, some will do it. So, yeah, that's kind of a point. So, yeah, on Robert's side, OK, on Robert's side is that poster, 50 posters with tags in two weeks, or whatever, or how many, but, yes, 50, any poster, whatever we can, we're creating 50 posters with tags. And then Robert starts to, once we have a Flutter app going, Robert's only job is to fucking write an iOS app under any condition, whatever, however is possible. Oh, by the way, clone some.
Biliyordum ki, evet eski versiyonu kullanıyordum. Bu yeni mi? 20 Nisan'da düştüler. Bu çılgınca. Çünkü birkaç ay önce dedin. Sanırım bilmiyorum. Bu çılgınca, kesinlikle doğru. Birkaç ay önce. Kod yapmak özel. Kod yapmak çok iyi. Bu yüzden 55'e kadar heyecanlanıyorum. Evet, evet. Tamam. Ne yapacağız? Evet, ben bir sayıdan önemli bir sitem kuracağım. Sadece arada kullanıcılarımızın bilmediği şeyleri. Ama belki sadece bir şey. Nasıl, ne ile, ne modelleri ile? Ama bir şeyler bulmaya çalışacağım. Ve hemen ASAP'i bulmaya başlıyorum. Modelleri aramaya başlıyorum. Ve apamızı yeniden tasarlıyorum. Öncelikle bu çılgınca Figma'yı temizlemeliyim. Memo ile yaptığım şey bu. Ama bu sadece birkaç gün. Evet, bu kadar. Önceki adaptörlerimiz için pitch'i hazırlıyorum. Bu insanlar. Ve bu kadar. Bilmiyorum. David arkasından parçaladı. Bu kadar. Önce SMS'i. İki hafta sonra. Daha sonra yapacağım. Bilmiyorum. Bilmiyorum. Bu plan. Burada... Her şeyi bahsettim. Evet ve sonra... Bilmiyorum adamım. Ve sonrasında... Oktyabrı 1. Bir... Bir iOS apamız var. Burası. Ulaşmaya hazırız. Beta test ediyoruz. Bir iOS'imiz var. SICK modelleri var. Birkaç... Birkaç... Birkaç sayıda uygulama listemiz var. Yeni bir uygulama listemiz. Çok havalı bir ulaşım yöntemimiz var. Ağustos 24'te başlıyoruz. Diyoruz ki, buradayız. Konuşuyoruz. Bunu deneyin, bunu deneyin. Bunu deneyin, bunu deneyin. Bunu deneyin, bunu deneyin. Birkaç haftada ulaşıyoruz. Diyoruz ki, investörlere gidiyoruz. Bir güçlü takımımız var. İki ekstra developörümüz var. Fizon ile. Web ile. Ve... Bayağı güçlü. Fizon ile güvenli. Eğer siz... Yine de babam bunu yazdı. Aslında siz... Diyelim ki 300.000 dolar arttırdık. 100.000 dolar var. E-mail'e gidiyoruz. Bu harika. Diyoruz ki, Değerli investörler, Bu ronda 100.000 dolar güvenli olduk. Bizi düşünün lütfen. Değil ki, Hey, Bizi investerecek misiniz? Değil ki, Bu ronda 100.000 dolar güvenli olduk. Bu ronda 300.000 dolar güvenli olduk. Yani, Güvenli bir investör arıyoruz. Ya da neyse, Güvenli bir investör olmamalı. Yani... Ve biz güvenliyiz. Biz güvenliyiz. Eğer güvenli posterlerimiz var, Eğer iyi UI, iyi UX, Bu zaten kötü değil. Biz zaten, Yani, En azından UX. Bilmiyorum. Bu fikir, Bence iyi. Poster, Çat, Her şey tamam. Yani, Biz güvenliyiz. Bilmiyorum ne diyeceğimi. Kesinlikle, Sadece temsilcilerimiz kaybediyoruz. Kesinlikle, Kesinlikle, Bu gerçekten değil. Biz güvenliyiz. Biz güvenliyiz. Kesinlikle. Evet. Kesinlikle. Kesinlikle. Evet, Bu sadece temsilcilerimiz kaybediyor. Çünkü bu benim sorunumdu. Ben çok, Hiç bir fikrim yok. Bu yüzden, Geçen ay, Bu çılgınca, Biz ne yapıyoruz? Bütün bu start-ups'a bakıyorum. Ve onlar, Evet, Yani, Mesela, CEO'ya bile konuşmuyorum. İngilizce team'e doğru gidiyorum. VC adam gibi. Ve sonra, Yani, Ben, Şu anda, Ben, İngilizce team'im. İngilizce team'im. Yani, Ben, Pfizer'a konuşuyorum, David'e konuşuyorum. Yani, Bu nasıl çalışmalı değil. Yani, Çünkü, Ne, Yani, İnsanlar, Prodüksiyonu kim yaratıyor? Ve cevabı, Pfizer prodüksiyonu yaratıyor. Bu, Bu, Bu, Bu, Bu, Bu, Bu, Bu, Bu, Bu, Bu, Bu, Bu, Bu, Bu, Bu, Bu, Bu, bu Bu, bu, bu, bu, bu, bu, bu, bu, bu, Bu, Bu, Bu, Bu, Bu, Bu, Bu, Bu, Bu, Bu, Bu, Bu, Bu, Bu,
is our guy and here's two people who work for him basically you know and we've developed this app here it is you know looks fucking sick and in just two months you know this we just started and we are fucking ready to roll you know so what I'm trying to say yeah and then why am I trying to say this is yeah this whole like flutter away and to be honest I mean just randomly bro flutter does not work man I can be testing crazy I'm just so like it's legs no matter how much you set up it's like they also have a limit for frames per second yeah no it's like that's animation I'm like great done you know there's so many things like the keyboard swipe this this thing impossible like I don't like you I'm here right now we did it so like just if you're here oh here is not even like that yeah I remember you see it doesn't swipe from the comment section but right now if you do this on our app just this section then it closes you know so we're fucked what I'm trying to say you know like you can't you know so like if you're going in there like well we're planning to do it on is here's our app right now they're like okay so what am I investing in so like I'm just literally investing in the idea of you guys gonna develop it on iOS yeah so which is why again we're over here where's the responsibility which is fucking iOS that's for the next two months after this posters oh yeah I mean I was going to honestly even fuck it let's try it right now but no 50 posters bro it's more important going back here exactly so yeah Robert how does it sound but we don't seem to know this excited as yesterday all right which speaking of which I'm gonna fucking you guys put you on the Sun I don't think otherwise I'm doing it a because I fucking love the timeline app timeline view yeah it's always an overkill everybody's anger but like what I don't use many features I just noticed it's fixed so yeah I'm gonna progress yeah because this tick tick also is not working for mutual project I'm so tired of assigning a test to myself you know it's like my personal test you know like you guys don't need to know I need to set up the sound I don't need to like put it in there set it up but this guy's this test you do need to know about like did I will fix the current figma you know that was those are like things that we all depend on everything you know but for example create a knowledge database which I want to do I want to create the knowledge database was it actually not what you were saying but like every every discussion especially to know product that is product database so if we're saying like we cannot have announcements because of reason X it must be somewhere written down because we've had a two years of me and David talking yeah that's kind of bro relates to the idea because my idea initial was like if you record documents you know and then it would decide where does it put what notes in which exactly that's the
Yeah, knowledge database on Notion probably. And what am I going to learn on iOS? I'm going to build that shit. In a day. Because it's super simple to build this shit. I'm sure. I just said, I don't know. It's like that. I mean, I do, but it wasn't worth it. Yeah. So, that's it, you guys. I don't know what else to say. Yeah, I mean, fuck it. You got the point of tasks. Asana is great. Yeah. Alright. I don't know if back-end, like, how much work. Yeah, there is still, right? In the next two months? No, no, no. Two weeks? No, no. Two weeks. No, my other question is, like, for example, all these animations that you're talking about, like, who knows how to make them? Like, do you think that fucking people who are in Berkeley know? What? What? iOS. What? Yeah. Maybe. What animations? No, like, I haven't really seen, like, a college grad. Oh. Full-end. Even a grad. I'm not even talking about. Oh, we don't need full-end, but, yeah, it's your point. Like, what I'm trying to say, like, swipe up, bottom sheet comes up, and then this bottom thing changes. Yeah. Like, you give it to college grad, like, sophomore guy, and he's, like, stuck over two weeks. Yeah. Unless we basically, where is this, cloud? Honestly, bro, I don't know. I think it will. Yeah. Because it's fucking sick, bro. Like, you can one-shot fucking anything, bro. Yeah, but not specific things. That's what I'm trying to say. How would you describe that animation, for example? Like, draw it out, bro. And. Just be like, you know. Different steps. Oh, man, I don't think you'll catch it. Draw it. No, how will they understand? I guess. I don't know. How would a better version of cloud not understand? Maybe cloud right now wouldn't, but it should be like that. No, you guys. I don't know. Bro, I think it won't. To understand, how would you understand animation? How does it know what an animation does? Like, how does a model. No, I'll be like, look, when you. Because right, the way AI model, it looks at the internet, it understands all what people do to code. But how do you understand a visual animation? Like, it has no source. It has no data that shows like, oh, this thing does this. There's not like video, you know. Bro, but there is definitely description. For each animation style. And then it understands what. Yeah, put. Yeah. It sees what happens. It puts it in the words. And then. Oh, man. Bro, I say I'm pretty sure. Yeah, yeah. Okay, okay. Our head of AI. The whole app. It's just. Like, I stole everything. Oh, man. Where is it? This meme. One second. CEO. Startup. Come on. Meme. Okay. One second. Chrome. Made in Russia. No way, bro. I thought it's like a. No, no, no. The cup is made in Russia. Oh, motherfucker. Bro, it was like this thing. It's like a graph of like a building kind of structure. There's a bunch of things, you know, like the cold and everything. And then everything, like the whole like structure. It's like based on one little tick. And it says CEO's charisma. You know, it's like. And it's like our app is right now like. Robert's believing in cloud. You know, it's just like our whole app, you know. Well, we need good posters. We need good videos, you know, on the posters. So it's super cool. It's super cool animation. And we're going to rebuild it on iOS. Robert's our head of iOS, you know. It's just like. Man. All right, good stuff, you guys. Food, right, food, food, food. All right.